Thank you uncle
You can achieve this at a young age
The future is limitless
The burden of bringing glory to the country this time
It's in your hands
Please rest assured, uncles and uncles.
I will definitely win the world championship at the Olympic Games
Not bad. Not bad.
The little girl is young and promising
You've got a great future.
Are you Lin Jianguo?
I heard you were also a champion when you were young.
It was later retired for some reason
Look at yourself when you are young
Now he has raised his daughter
National key seeded player
Isn't it easy?
You are a big contributor
You two, father and daughter?
It is the pride of the country
Thanks to the leader
I also heard about your injury.
Don't worry, I've already sent someone.
A thorough investigation
I must give you justice.
Thank you leaders
actually
Wenwen can have today
More thanks
Relatives without them
Wenwen can't go to sports school at all
Let alone participating in the Olympic trials
Folks, I've heard it all
This villager from our Lin Village?
United
A benchmark. A model.
On your way here?
We all discussed
It is necessary to focus on the development of Linjia Village
Create a champion's hometown
Become a model village
Wenwen, you are really the lucky star of our Lin Family Village
Don't ask, under your leadership
Our village will have a good life in the future
I am the one who broke the world record.
This is the real deal.
Lin Yaozu, you still want to default on your debt now
Don't keep the bet?